Update .NET DiagnosticLogger docs (#6493)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/configuration/diagnostic-logger/dotnet.mdx

```csharp
options.Debug = true;
options.DiagnosticLogger = new ExampleDiagnosticLogger(SentryLevel.Debug);
```

Sentry comes with several implementations out of the box:

<ConfigKey name="ConsoleDiagnosticLogger">

Writes diagnostic messages to standard output, using `Console.WriteLine`.  This is the default logger used if no other logger is specified.

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="TraceDiagnosticLogger">

Writes diagnostic messages to all registered trace listeners, using `Trace.WriteLine`.  This is useful for technologies that don't have a Console to see the log messages, such as Windows Forms, WPF, UWP, and ASP.NET.

```csharp
options.DiagnosticLogger = new TraceDiagnosticLogger(SentryLevel.Debug);
```

Visual Studio and other IDEs will register a trace listener automatically.  When running your application Visual Studio, you can view the SDK's diagnostic logs inside the `Debug` output window.

See the [`Trace`](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.trace) documentation for more information about registering custom trace listeners.

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="FileDiagnosticLogger">

> _New as of Sentry .NET 3.30.0_

Reviewer: Lets make the release before merging this though

> Writes diagnostic messages to a file at the path you specify.  This is useful when you need to gather SDK diagnostic logs without mixing them with other console or trace messages.  It is also useful for technologies that don't have a Console to see the log messages, such as Windows Forms, WPF, UWP, and ASP.NET - when you're not running in Visual Studio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writes diagnostic messages to a file at the path you specify.  This is useful when you need to gather SDK diagnostic logs without mixing them with other console or trace messages.  It's also useful for technologies that don't have a console, such as Windows Forms, WPF, UWP, and ASP.NET, for seeing the log messages when you're not running in Visual Studio.
```

> If you need to attach diagnostic logs to a GitHub issue or customer support request, this is the easiest way to generate them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to attach diagnostic logs to a GitHub issue or customer support request, this is the easiest way to generate them:
```
